[Music]
raus I'm a little warm so I'm gonna be
taking off my sweater now I'm just
letting you know this is not an
invitation to the physical act of love
yeah that's hilarious I'm sorry I'm done
I'm done you know last night was
embarrassing for you too don't not
really I mean I just don't embarrass
that easily what you totally get
embarrassed
I don't loss I I think I'm just a more
secure person than you are
is that so head lady I don't care how
much you want it okay I am NOT gonna
have sex with you in the bathroom so uh
I'm on my way back to the bathroom
all right all right just keep walking
all right
what are you I'm sorry sir I just I
think he just really likes you
hey you know that teacher who had a baby
with her student
[Music]
yes I'm sorry miss do you have any extra
pants my friend seems to have had a
little accident
welcome to Las Vegas yes I did thank you
very much
excellent okay have a nice play oh it
was the best